[tense music]
[sighs]
[phone rings]
What's the liver's condition?
Are you heading back?
[Gyeo-ul] Professor Ahn,
we have a problem.
What is it? What's wrong?
[Gyeo-ul] The donor's liver is very thick.
It looks like it weighs over 500g.
Her AP must be 8cm.
-[sighs deeply]
-[Gyeo-ul] What should we do?
[sighs]
[Gyeo-ul] This won't work.
It's too big for Ji-a.
I think you should give up.
No way, we'll proceed as planned.
I'm doing it.
Hello, professor.
-[Ik-jun] Wait, are you still here?
-Yes.
Did Jang Hong-do
the painter leave already?
Yes, well Mr. Jang was, uh…
No, I mean, he was here,
but he left a while ago.
Mm. You should get going too.
Sure.
Want to see a transplant?
Huh? Oh, sure.
Come on.
Oh, thank you so much.
[tense music]
[Ik-jun] Size is the most important factor
for liver transplant for babies.
If it's too big,
the results will be fatally affected.
For a baby, we'd usually cut
a brain-dead donor's liver in half,
but what we have now
is much bigger than we expected.
Even if we cut it,
it'll still be too big for the baby.
I'm afraid Ji-a's only six months old.
So Ji-a's not getting a transplant?
Will she wait for another donor?
There's no "next time."
Her liver can't release bile,
so her cirrhosis is getting worse.
She vomited and pooped blood already
so she won't last for more than a week.
-So what should we do?
-Huh?
Oh, uh… Sorry about that.
So what should we do now, professor?
She can't get a liver transplant but
she won't live if we don't do anything.
-What do we do?
-We'll do the surgery.
But you said
even the cut liver is too big.
-Then we can cut it again.
-What?
Huh? What?
Oh, uh, I'm really sorry.
[sighs]
Did… Did you just say
we can cut the liver again?
Mm.
We can cut the liver in half again
to fit in the baby.
[gasps]
This isn't common, of course.
The surgery will still be very difficult.
Oh.
[Ik-jun] We'll still do it.
It's going to be a tricky procedure
but this is the last and only way
to save the baby,
so we have to go on with it.
[machines beeping]
[Ji-a's mom] Please save her.
-We won't ask for anything else…
-Save her, please.
[Ik-jun] Here.
[nurses] Three, three, three.
-[Jeong-won] Liver is coming out.
-[nurses] One.
-[Ik-jun] Oh, boy. Must be hard for her.
-[nurses] Three.
[Ik-jun] I'm amazed she held out
with that liver.
-[nurses] Five, six.
-[Ik-jun] Ji-a's really amazing.
[nurses] Seven, eight.
Nine, ten.
[door opens]
[nurse 1] The liver is here, professor.
[panting]
[Jeong-won] Thank you so much.
Thanks for helping us, Dr. Jang.
You said you were across the street.
But you got here really fast.
-[Jeong-won] Did you run?
-[Gyeo-ul] Traffic wasn't that bad.
Sadly, the elevator
in this building wasn't working,
so I ran up here.
No, I mean, I didn't run.
I quickly…
I quickly walked up here.
I just walked, not ran.
I was careful to deliver this
safe and sound.
[Ik-jun] Goodness, Gyeo-ul.
You did a good job.
[laughs softly]
[fellow] It looks like
we're done now, professor.
[Jeong-won] Yeah, thanks for your help.
[grunts]
-[Chi-hong] We're ready, Professor.
-[Song-hwa] Okay.
Wanna try the next EVD, Chi-hong?
What?
You're in the third year,
so it's about time.
Get ready now.
I appreciate that.
[tense music]
[Jeong-won] The liver has been cut,
so it's bleeding a lot.
Forceps. Quick.
Suction.
This is going to take a while. Ik-jun.
[Ik-jun] Yes,
I'll tell her parents about it.
[Jeong-won]
There's a lot of bleeding, doctor.
You're right. She's still okay, though.
[Jeong-won] Just focus.
You have to be careful with the suction.
-[Jeong-won] I can't see it very well.
-[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
[Jeong-won] Pass me the gauze.
[calm music]
How's our daughter?
Is Ji-a okay now?
Was Ji-a's surgery successful, doctor?
Yes.
Ji-a's surgery went well.
[both crying]
Why are you crying? It went very well.
Ji-a's really a strong little girl.
Please, stop crying. Or people will think
that Ji-a's surgery didn't go well.
[Ji-a's mom] Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, doctor.
We'll never forget
that you saved her life.
There was way more bleeding than
we expected, so it wasn't easy for us
but we managed to control it on time.
Her condition is stable now,
so we'll move her to the ICU in a bit.
Ji-a's liver transplant went really well.
She'll be fine as long as the liver is.
The surgery was a success.
Your daughter will recover soon.
Thank you so much.
This must've been so hard for you.
But you both held out really well.
I can't thank you enough
for saving our daughter's life.
Thank you so much for that, doc.
Our daughter could now live
because she was really, really lucky
to find a brain-dead liver donor.
This is truly a big miracle.
We consider ourselves really blessed
because you found a young donor.
We owe it all to you, doctor.
Thank you so much
for everything you've done.
[Ji-a's mom] Thank you so much.
All I did was perform the surgery.
What?
You should be thanking
that person instead.
[both] That person?
Twenty-two years old, female.
Tall and slim body type.
A road accident victim.
[somber music]
I'm talking about the donor.
She gave her liver to Ji-a.
I can't give any more info
since it's strictly against
organ donor rules.
But Ji-a is alive thanks to her donor.
I'm really ashamed of myself, doc.
We'll thank her for the rest of my life
for what she did for our daughter.
All this time,
I was only thinking of our baby.
-I'm so sorry.
-We're so sorry.
No, please, don't be sorry.
I really understand.
But please, don't forget.
Thank Ji-a's donor
every year on her birthday.
Please, thank her with all your heart.
We'll never forget.
Thank you so much.
Okay, I'll see you in the PICU later.
[Ji-a's dad] Okay.
Thanks a lot, doc.
[both crying]
Ah, yes. Can you send this
right now with the image?
Yes, thanks a lot. I'll do that, okay.
Yes, I'm on it.
I'm still pretty worried about it.
There's no need to be worried.
The contractions are under control,
and the baby is doing well.
-She'll be just fine.
-Do you have to keep giving her the drugs?
As I explained to you before,
those drugs are completely fine and safe.
I'll go through them with you again, okay?
[nurse 2] Just a moment.
Patient Park Mi-jeong.
What was her cervical length again?
One-point-five cm.
-[Seok-hyeong] Dr. Chu.
-[Min-ha] Yes, professor.
The C-section patient bled a lot
since her contractions are bad.
So check the pad
and monitor her contractions.
[Min-ha] Okay, sir.
Hey, doc, my wife keeps saying
that she's in a lot of pain right now.
What should I do?
I checked her five minutes ago but didn't
notice any change with her cervix.
I'll check in in a bit
and give her an analgesic if needed.
Uh, hang on.
Can you check on her right now?
Sure.
-[nurse 3] Excuse me, Dr. Chu?
-[Min-ha] Yes?
We're giving Sin Hyo-jeong
12 drops of ritodrine per minute,
but she has tachycardia.
Oh, let's bring it down to 8gtt.
And please check her vitals in an hour.
[nurse 3] Okay.
[Eun-won] For now,
let's see how the baby's doing
and keep it in the womb
for a longer time if needed.
Is there a chance
that the baby will be weak and unhealthy
compared to other babies
or can't live for a long time?
Is that possible, doctor?
Oh, no, that won't happen, okay?
You see, my mom also had a very hard time
when she was giving birth to me.
-Really?
-Yes, and during that time,
my mom was diabetic
and her pregnancy was unexpected.
She's diabetic?
[nurse 2] Seo Jeong-won's episiotomy site
looks good, right?
Yes, I checked in the morning.
It's good she doesn't have hematoma.
Dr. Chu, can you look at this NST?
Jeong Min-gyeong's showing decelerations.
Hydrate her with oral solution.
Give her three liters of oxygen
on her side via nasal prong.
[nurse 3] Okay.
[nurse 2] Here, doctor.
My sister's baby was born too early,
but she was very optimistic
and relaxed about it.
The truth is, I was really worried
about her even though I'm an ob-gyn,
but she was happy to meet her baby early.
-My gosh, really?
-Yes.
-[woman 1] Doctor.
-Yes?
I'm… I'm really, really hungry.
Can I eat something now?
Uh, let's check
fetal movements first, okay?
Hold on. I'll be with you in a minute.
[Eun-won] Don't worry,
because she'll have a healthy baby
and it will stay healthy after birth.
My sister's baby is two years old now.
Wanna see the photos?
Oh, sure.
-Excuse me, Dr. Myeong.
-Um, yes?
We still need to check
Sin Ha-yun's fetal movements,
and we also have to check
Jeong Min-gyeong for decelerations.
And then we have two C-sections scheduled,
so we have to get ready. Still lots to do.
Uh, okay, I got it, doctor.
[sighs deeply]
Excuse me, doctor.
I think you're very straightforward
with the other doctors here.
Bye.
[laughs awkwardly]
Anyway, uh, I'll just go and check
the C-section patient's pad.
[nurse 2] Okay.
Oh, boy. A showdown
between the bear and the fox.
-Which one is the fox?
-It's so obvious.
RESTRICTED AREA
Professor, Jeong Min-gyeong's
exhibiting decelerations.
So I'll go check.
Give her three liters of oxygen, right?
Yes.
Okay.
[Gyeo-ul breathing nervously]
What's taking him so long?
I should've told him
I'll pick it up myself.
He loves doing these things.
He's might be chatting
with the delivery guy.
Oh.
You should've gotten here quicker
because we're all dying of hunger.
-Why are you so casual?
-[Gyeo-ul] Huh?
You're a doctor
but you talk about death easily.
This is for you, Hong-do and Yun-bok.
Eat a lot.
Join our department later on, okay?
[Hong-do and Yun-bok] Okay.
Here. That's a eat and run if you won't.
-Yeah.
Can I have Double Bacon?
It's my favorite sandwich.
Oh, eat what you want.
-You can have two, here.
-Great, thanks a lot.
It's too much, we'll have leftovers.
So I called someone to join us.
Oh.
Oh, well, Jeong-won is, uh…
-Are those sandwiches? Nice.
-What the heck?
Jeong-won is a raincheck.
You should've let me finish
what I was saying first.
Hello, Doctor Kim.
-Hello, Doctor Kim.
-[Jun-wan] Hello, guys, please sit.
But why am I a raincheck of Jeong-won?
You don't wanna know, so don't ask.
Or Gyeo-ul will eat everything. Here.
Oh. It's been a while.
Gyeon-u and Jik-nyeo?
You called us like that last time,
that's why I told you our names,
Doctor Kim.
Ah, yeah. I remember
they're painters' names.
Ma-ne and Mo-ne?
[laughs]
We're Hong-do and Yun-bok, sir.
Oh, I see. We even did
the Wakanda thing together.
-I'm sorry, guys.
-It's okay.
We happen to have cousins named
Ma-ne and Mo-ne, sir.
What? Seriously?
Yes.
Please don't tell me
that Ma-ne and Mo-ne are also twins.
Yeah, they're twins.
-They're identical twins?
-They're identical twins.
-Five years old?
-Five years old.
Why are you saying the exact same thing?
[sighs]
Dr. Bong.
Here, I got you water.
You're having a late lunch, huh?
[Chi-hong] Napkins, too.
I had an emergency patient. How did
all of you guys suddenly become friends?
Oh, we're both chief residents,
so we became friends.
And as for Chi-hong, well, let's just say
that he's Seok-min's favorite.
-What? I said that?
-Really?
I mean, he thinks
you're really awesome, okay?
He talks about you all the time,
so I know you well.
By the way, why did you leave
the military?
Was it because of a woman?
Tell us, Captain Ahn.
It's nothing special.
I'll tell you another time, okay?
I guess I should be like him, right?
It makes him look more mysterious.
[Min-ha] Professor.
I wasn't sure what you'd like,
so I got one of each drink.
A hot and cold Americano, and a latte.
[Gyeo-ul] Hello, everyone.
[sighs]
I wonder what kind of story
I'll tell you guys today.
Dr. Chu, what happened to your face?
-What?
-It's your face. It looks so burned.
It's my foundation's fault, okay?
I'm wearing a dark shade now.
Well, that shade's too dark for you.
Your neck looks way lighter
than your face now.
It's called the Black Pearl Makeup.
Your face will look tiny with this
because of its tanning effect.
You look like you went to a tanning salon
since you couldn't go on vacation.
[Min-ha sighs]
Oh, by the way,
how did you two become friends?
You're from different departments
and your ages…
and skin tones are different.
We're in the ARMY.
[Min-ha] Mm-hmm.
You served in the military?
They're your juniors, Dr. Ahn.
Not that. What they mean
by ARMY is… How do I…
Dr. Do, did you get
your Internet installed?
Oh.
Yesterday, I chose a plan
for ADSL Mega Pass, it's awesome.
Can you imagine that I sold all my acorns?
I used my Bigi eggs
just to get the best deal.
[laughing]
-What is he saying?
-Oh, so…
You're both big fans of BTS, huh?
My sister's a huge fan, too.
Yeah, I met her in the fan club.
[Gwang-hyeon] Jeez, you guys still have
the time to join a fan club now?
And what's more amazing is,
you can chat like this in the cafeteria.
-But back in my day--
-Professor, take this coffee.
-Latte?
-Yeah.
Forget this place.
We didn't even have time to eat.
Oh, I know. Would you guys like to hear
my residency story?
-Excuse me, sir.
-Bye.
Goodbye.
Anyway, those two on the Gongnyong Ridge,
I'll tell you a love story.
The old love. Why don't I tell you
about their love story?
Oh, boy.
Professor, I'm not that interested.
[Gwang-hyeon] Ik-jun and Jun-wan were
always dating someone back then.
They were both very famous.
I'm pretty sure that they always had
beautiful girlfriends.
Wow, is that true, sir? I'm so impressed.
Moving on.
What about Professor Seok-hyeong?
Yang Seok-hyeong
barely dated anyone before.
And he married the woman
that his parents chose for him.
They got a divorce after less than a year.
Then he went to the US after that,
and all he did was study there.
Mmm.
But I know he's in love now.
Very much in love.
What? So who's the girl?
Well, that's his big TV.
[sighs]
[Gwang-hyeon] No woman can beat
his TV, I swear.
And Professor Chae?
Did she have a campus boyfriend?
Oh, yeah. She had a boyfriend.
-Professor Lee Ik-jun, right?
-Lee Ik-jun?
Nah, no way. They're just
really good friends, even then.
Was it from the winter of
her freshman year or her second year?
Anyway, it lasted really long.
She was with a senior guy for years.
They were together
for three to four years.
She dated other guys after that.
She just doesn't want to get married.
What about Professor Ahn Jeong-won?
Mmm…
If anybody is in love with Ahn Jeong-won,
then she's gonna have to beat God first.
[Jae-hak] Come on, how can anyone do that?
I mean, whoever likes Dr. Jeong-won
should just give up.
Because, well, how dare that person
compete against God?
Uh.
Hey, Dr. Jang.
Are you a Buddhist?
Oh, this is probably
making you uncomfortable.
Change topic, guys.
Okay, we're done. Finished.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Chi-hong groans]
Why are you still up, huh?
-I'm studying EVD.
-EVD?
But we do that all the time.
I'll be the next lead surgeon
when we get an IVH patient.
What the…
You mean, you still haven't done that yet?
Jeez, Professor Chae's really something.
Guess what? I did it in my second year.
[laughs]
-Good luck.
-Thanks.
By the way,
you'll probably get scolded a lot.
-Even so, good luck.
-Thanks.
[Seok-min] I know Professor Chae.
Make a mistake once and sure,
she'll let it go.
But then the second time?
[clicks tongue]
Anyway, good luck.
Thanks.
[yawns]
Last one. You can do it.
[Myeong-tae]
Why don't you just shower here?
Oh, Professor Cheon. I'm so sorry.
[Myeong-tae] Do you have surgery?
Yes, I'm coming to
Professor Jun-wan's VSD surgery.
[Myeong-tae] You two are
like best friends already, huh?
Um…
Sure.
He thinks I'm pretty awesome.
[Myeong-tae] He speaks very highly of you.
He really does that?
-Thanks a lot.
-[Myeong-tae] Mm-hmm. Go now.
Oh, yeah.
[softly]
Why didn't he swear at me?
[Jun-wan] The first step we're going to do
is block the hole that's between
the left and right ventricles.
But if the mitral regurgitation continues
after we block the VSD,
then we're gonna fix that too.
Uh, we expect that the entire procedure's
gonna take about five hours.
Don't worry too much.
We understand.
Thank you in advance, doctor.
-Thank you so much, doc.
-Sure. I'll see you later.
[calm music]
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
[Jae-sin] Captain Ahn will get an earful
from Professor Chae today.
It's so hard to set Kocher's point
when you can't see the coronal suture.
Go inside and watch. He's your batch mate.
Oh, I'm too nervous for him.
I'm more nervous now than when I did it.
[Song-hwa] Can you see the coronal suture?
[Chi-hong] I'll try again, prof.
[Song-hwa] You can't see it sometimes.
It's because of the blood, so use gauze.
[Chi-hong] Okay. Forceps.
[sighs]
[whirring]
[Song-hwa] Bone wax, please.
WAXY SUBSTANCE USED TO CONTROL BLEEDING
[Song-hwa] Try to control the bleeding
with bone wax while you're at it.
Heavy bleeding may happen
when you use the curette,
-so be careful.
-[Chi-hong] Okay.
[Chi-hong] Curette.
[Song-hwa] Tilt it a little bit.
Not there. Tilt it a bit upwards.
Good.
[sighs]
Good job. I think the left
and right angles are wrong.
Let's just wrap up here.
Can you pull it out now?
[Chi-hong] Yes.
[Song-hwa] Listen.
This has to go in straight, okay?
You also need to look at
the inner canthus,
but you're not used to it yet.
[Chi-hong] I get it. I'm sorry.
[Song-hwa] This is a common mistake.
Do well next time.
[Chi-hong] Okay.
[Song-hwa] Bayonet forceps, please.
[tense music]
[Song-hwa] Blade number 15, please.
BLADE: A SURGICAL BLADE
[Jun-wan] I cut through it again.
[sighing]
How many times have I done this?
[Jae-hak] The valve is very delicate.
[Jun-wan sighs]
[Jun-wan] Get me a smaller needle.
[sighs]
SURGERY DURATION
Honey, it's been more than
nine hours already.
He said it'll take just around five.
[sighs]
What if…
What if something went wrong, honey?
[Jun-wan] All right. Let's go together.
[Jae-hak] Sure.
[sighs]
It took longer than we initially expected.
Even I wanted to cut my hand off.
-What?
-Oh, come on, doctor!
After repairing
the ventricular septal defect,
I tried fixing
the severe mitral regurgitation,
but the regurgitation continued to worsen
because the tissues kept ripping--
But to sum it up,
the surgery was a success.
-Thank you so much.
-Thanks a lot.
[man 1] So Chang-mo's okay, right?
He bled a little halfway through,
so we struggled a bit,
but the surgery went well.
Since the surgery went well,
when can we see him?
We finally managed to minimize
the regurgitation,
so the baby is stable now.
As I explained before, we'll put your son
to sleep for the next three days--
Don't worry, you'll be able to see
Chang-mo shortly in the PICU.
Everything's fine, really.
Honey, we can finally see him.
-[man 2] Thank you so much.
-[woman 2] Thanks for everything.
Professor, you always need to tell
the guardians the conclusion first.
You should always tell them
the results of the surgery,
whether it went well or not.
Doctors must inform the guardians
about everything that happens in the OR
and be specific.
From start to finish, in a calm manner.
They'll get a heart attack
if you keep doing that.
You might not be able
to finish talking to them.
Seriously?
Ugh.
You're insensitive sometimes, professor.
I'm not saying you should sugarcoat it.
You should tell them the truth.
But you should ease their minds first
before you… You know what, forget it.
Ugh, useless.
-[Jeong-won laughing]
-[door opens]
You know, my mom never scolded me
like that. Not even when I was young.
He's right. Can you be
more considerate when you talk?
Hey Dr. Do, good job.
-Hello, professor.
-Ah, yes. Hello, doctor.
Please, don't be formal with me.
[Jeong-won] Okay, got it.
Aren't you going home?
You showered, so go home!
A baby had surgery today for enteroclysis.
But then there was some bleeding.
So I'm staying.
I'll monitor his vitals tonight.
You sure live up to your nickname, Buddha.
You should've done a better job
with the surgery.
Oh, and you sure live up to…
Oh, yes, you're Buddha's buddy.
I'm Catholic, though.
I knew it!
My wife's a devoted Catholic, sir.
[Jeong-won] Okay.
And here's what I think about them.
Catholics are really awesome
inside and out.
[chuckling]
Thanks for that.
[Jeong-won] Hey, by the way,
is there a professor named
Cheon Myeong-tae in your department?
Yeah. Why do you ask?
I heard we got an anonymous letter
about a pharma company's rebate.
He got a golf club membership
-and free meals
-[phone rings]
at an upscale restaurant
through the company.
[Jeong-won] Can you imagine?
Ugh, it sounds like
most CS professors did it.
Hey, you didn't go, right?
[chuckling]
[tense music]
Of course, I often go there,
since my brother owns the golf club.
Hold on.
Who told you about that issue?
You don't need to know about that, okay?
I heard it was paid
with XG&YU's credit card.
A guy who works there charged it
on the wrong credit card.
Well, the thing is
we often play golf together,
so I'm sure that he got confused
with the cards.
He's really sorry. He kept apologizing.
Even today, he sent me over ten messages.
[Myeong-tae chuckles]
Sir, please don't stare at me.
You're making me look
really petty right now.
It costs peanuts to spend
a day on the golf course.
"Peanuts"? I heard
the membership there costs you…
Two hundred million won.
The truth is,
my brother owns the golf club, sir.
And I happen to be a member too.
Believe me. It's not what you think it is.
Gosh, Professor Jun-wan.
That guy's got a big mouth.
He kept overreacting to it.
I see that he practically wrote a novel.
[chuckles]
[approaching footsteps]
[Chi-hong sighs deeply]
Would you please stop sighing?
It's gonna be okay, you know.
I'm so embarrassed.
You know,
during Seon-bin's first lead surgery,
she suddenly put up
both hands like this and said,
"I can't do this. I'm going to end up
killing this patient."
[Chi-hong snickers]
Hey, come on. Let's get a drink.
I'm working night shift now, so I can't.
My goodness.
I am dying for a drink, but sadly,
I'm working the night shift.
[Jeong-won] Hey, you're still here?
How's the baby?
[Jeong-won] The baby's doing okay
for now, but I'll check again later.
I hope you didn't play golf
with Professor Cheon.
-I played with him once.
-What? You did?
Yeah, the golf course there
is really awesome, okay?
The ball rolls in by itself.
Jeez, this is going to be a big problem.
It won't be a problem
because I paid it for myself.
How did you?
Didn't you use XG&YU's
corporate card and membership?
Truth is, I kept getting
a bad feeling while playing.
Professor Cheon
always bragged about his money,
so I assumed we were using his membership.
But something seemed really off
when we were cashing out that time.
So I went back and asked the staff
about how it was paid
and if we used
their corporate credit card.
He said yes, so I paid for mine
on the spot and left.
How much?
The most expensive is 200 million.
It's usually for about 20 years,
times 365, it's 7,300.
Divide 200 million by 7,300, it's 27,397.
Round it up to 28,000.
The green fee is about 150.
Carts, 20,000 won per person.
The caddie's fee is 30,000 for him.
So it's 228,000.
What is it? My GPA was the second-highest
in our division.
Sure, that's good to know.
Knowing how much you're into golf,
I was worried you might've hung out
with them without thinking.
[scoffs]
Jeong-won.
You have to know
I'm not even thinking about it lately.
See ya.
What's with him?
Did you go there too, Professor?
Did you play golf last weekend? Or--
It's none of your business, so don't ask!
Who gave you the right
to interrogate me like this?
Stop bothering me.
Hey, you keep acting up these days.
So why don't you back off?
Then tell me what you really did
last weekend.
What did you do last weekend?
I ate some jajangmyeon.
Jajangmyeon? What?
I had some buljajangmyeon. We good?
Good call.
[action music]
BEST MENU: BULJAJANGMYEON
NEW MENU: NUKE BULJAJANGMYEON
[Jun-wan] Look at this name.
It's so gutsy like it's up to something.
Don't your colleagues complain?
Even our commander's a regular here.
AUTHENTIC CHINESE RESTAURANT
NUCLEAR KITCHEN
[server] Please enjoy your noodles.
This one's a level below
what we ordered last week.
So what level is this one?
It's Level Four.
Last week, we had Level Five.
-Wait, were you okay last week?
-Almost went to the ER.
[laughs]
I can really handle spicy food
but the one we had last week was hard.
And then this one looks quite spicy.
The buljajangmyeon here should be used
as the ROKA's new secret weapon.
Watch what you say.
They're across the street.
Who cares about the soldiers
when my girlfriend's a major, huh?
I bet only a few people outrank you.
No, there are a lot of officers
who outrank me. In fact, there's a ton.
Like, a lieutenant general,
then a general?
Jun-wan. Were you exempted?
There's no three-star general
in my division.
I knew it. I wondered how you became
a prof before my brother did.
[Jun-wan] Yeah, I was exempted.
So tell me. Do you want to hear my story
in school? It's a very long one.
No, I'm sure you had your reason.
By the way, did you just mix
my jajangmyeon for me?
Mm.
I'm so touched with what you did.
What? It's nothing.
Do you do this for my brother
or your roomie, Jeong-won?
Come on, hell no!
Why would I do it for them?
We're always busy stuffing our faces.
I don't even do it for my mom.
It's because it's you.
I'll only do it for you.
["Beautiful My Love"
by Urban Zakapa playing]
-[groans]
-[laughs]
Spicy, right?
You got an emergency call?
Oh, no I'm running late already.
Don't you still have some time
until your rounds?
I'm late for breakfast.
You know that I never skip breakfast.
Oh, Dr. Jang's here now?
Hold on. It's fall already?
Jeez, it's fall already.
Oh, you know it. I put on this trench coat
today because I saw her outfit.
What are you two talking about?
When you start wearing your denim shirt,
that means it's already fall.
When we see your white T-shirt,
we know that it's summer.
So for us, you're like an indicator
of what season it is already.
So I'm like your human calendar, huh.
-Mm-hmm, yeah.
-Let's eat now, Dr. Jang.
Your breakfast will be on me today
since you reminded me that it's fall.
Are you saying
you'll buy me breakfast now?
Yes, Professor Kim Jun-wan
gave me his card yesterday.
Well, he lent it to me
but I haven't returned it.
Something really awesome
must've happened to him.
He's been in a good mood lately.
I bet that he still has no idea
I have his card.
Then let's hurry.
[both laugh]
A male patient, age 29.
Looks like he has an astrocytoma
based on his MRI.
The tumor's in the dominant hemisphere,
and it's about seven cm.
We'll have to get him a navigation CT
and a TFCA later this afternoon.
Excuse me, will the surgery be difficult?
Everyone around us is so worried.
They say awake surgery
is a difficult procedure.
There aren't any easy brain surgeries,
and awake surgery is
a complicated procedure.
As I explained to you before,
Hyeon-su's tumor has seeped
into his normal brain tissues,
so the divide has become blurred.
That's why I think
awake brain surgery would be best.
Based on experience,
it's highly likely that the tumor
is now affecting parts of his brain.
And frankly, these are the parts
that perform important functions.
We'll wake him up only for a little while
during the surgery
so that we can remove the tumor
while checking his neurological symptoms.
He's still young and very active,
so it's very important to minimize
post-surgical neurological complications.
But how long
will the surgery take, doctor?
It really depends, but it usually takes
seven to eight hours
from the beginning till the end
of the procedure.
And the duration that the patient's
kept awake is not totally fixed,
but it usually ranges
from 30 minutes to an hour.
I'll quickly figure out brain functions
around the tumor
so that we can minimize
the time he has to stay awake.
The experience
can traumatize some patients, though.
Okay.
You have one day before the surgery,
so just let us know if you're feeling
scared or if you have any concern.
Your condition matters the most, okay?
I honestly don't care about
what you do to me.
So I'll just do whatever you tell me to.
Hyeon-su, you can work again
after you get this important surgery.
So you should be excited about it.
But how can I go back to work, huh?
It doesn't really make sense to me now.
And why not? I believe
you can totally overcome this.
And it's really difficult to become a cop.
You even passed that hard exam.
You've been through a lot already,
so don't feel hopeless now.
Hyeon-su, you can get through this, okay?
Doctor, I don't care if he can go back to
becoming a cop or not after this surgery.
I just beg you.
Please, save my son's life.
Yes, we'll do our very best.
We'll see you.
[sighs]
[Ik-jun] What happened
with Sin Mi-jin's liver index?
Her ALT is over 300.
ALT: A TRANSAMINASE ENZYME
Her bilirubin is over ten as well.
HIGH LEVELS OF BILIRUBIN CAUSES JAUNDICE
The rejection reaction was still low,
so did it spike?
I actually ran into her
in the hallway earlier.
Oh, boy. I'll tell you about it later.
I don't really feel…
that bad, doctor.
I actually feel okay, to be honest.
You're not all right.
These numbers tell me that you need
to check in right away for tests
because they're not looking good.
Have you been taking
your medication as told?
It looks like you're not taking it.
It seems to me like you've been off
your meds for quite a while.
Did something happen that stopped you?
If you continue to skip your medication,
I'm afraid your liver will get ruined,
and you may need another transplant
because of that.
Your liver won't function.
So let's get you confined.
Oh, no,
I don't want to be hospitalized.
I just don't want to live anymore, doctor.
Come on, what are you talking about?
I worked very hard on your surgery,
so stop saying that.
Let's get you admitted now for a CT scan.
Then, we'll run a biopsy
while doing your ultrasound.
We'll also treat
your transplant rejection.
He's nine years old,
complained of pain in his right abdomen,
so I took a CT and it showed appendicitis.
He has a fever and a high level of CRP.
So, when did it start to hurt?
It hurt a lot last night.
Oh, no. Let me just take
a look at your tummy. All right.
[yells]
[Jeong-won] I'll talk to his guardian
right away.
Dr. Jang, please call Anesthesiology now.
Sure.
-Hello, Professor Ahn.
-Hi, excuse me.
Professor.
Can we watch a movie next time?
Sure. Let's watch when we have time.
[Jun-hui] Okay, professor.
[Hui-su] What do you mean, "next time"?
Did you guys meet in private?
[Jun-hui] Yep. I had dinner
with Professor Ahn last weekend.
Just the two of you? Off duty?
Yeah. Just the two of us, off duty.
In our clothes, not scrubs.
Did Professor Ahn himself ask you
to have dinner with him?
Well, I asked him to buy me dinner.
That's it.
[Hui-su] Jeez, Professor Ahn is known
to buy meals for a lot of people.
He often throws a get-together
with the nurses, too.
-I thought it was special.
-Well, it was just the two of us.
[Hui-su] It doesn't matter
if it was just with you or not.
He always buys people meals
when they ask him to.
You know what, Dr. Bae?
Even I go to watch a movie
with Professor Ahn alone. I'm serious.
Mm? You really got me there!
[Jun-wan] I miss you, too, bidulgi.
[Ik-sun] I have a photo of you
that I always look at.
[Jun-wan] I don't have a photo of you.
So send me one.
I want the best photo of you.
-[phone chimes]
-[laughs]
Oh, my goodness!
[chuckles]
[Jeong-won] Who is it, huh?
Who is it that you're so crazy about?
It's my mom, okay?
Let's go. I'm hungry.
Let me just change my clothes first.
Hang on a sec.
Hey, Jeong-won, you told them
to meet us in the basement, right?
We're taking my car.
Then you do it.
Why do I always have to do it?
Because I know you did it already.
Let's go. They're waiting now.
[Jun-wan] Okay.
What is it?
Are you playing? That's such an old trick.
What about you? You're old-fashioned.
Oh, boy.
You want Bluetooth headphones?
These are better.
I only need to plug these in.
So I don't have to press a lot to listen.
What? Just plug it to listen to music?
What the-- Ow!
Hey, give them to me so I can try them.
What? That prick's got a new car?
Really? Where?
He really did. When did he get it?
Hop in. Go.
[laughs]
Oh, my. Showing off your new car now?
Hey, don't you think he's
a little too old to be a show-off?
-Song-hwa, sit here.
-Thank you.
-Did you make a reservation? I'm starving.
-Of course I did.
-Three orders of pork and duck?
-Yeah, yeah. Let's go.
[Ik-jun and Jeong-won groan]
Wanna listen to music?
Mm-hmm. We should listen to the song
we'll practice this week.
This car smells really nice, Jun-wan.
Like a woman's perfume.
[Jeong-won] We all know
that he's dating someone.
I'm sure it's her perfume.
Plus, he's always been glued to his phone.
No, I'm not.
The scent of the perfume, hm…
and the fragrance of nature are mixed
with a ratio of exactly 5.5 and 4.5.
I don't think she's from the city.
She either works outside
or sweats a lot on the job.
-Really?
-Either she lives
in Gangwon Province or a farm.
Do you have a dog's nose?
Mm? I was just making it up.
Did you see his face?
Did you see how he reacted?
Song-hwa, should we listen to music?
I really want to listen to music.
But your car's Bluetooth isn't working.
Have you tried it before?
-Hey, forget about the music.
-Oh, yeah. We're answering phone calls
-and listen to music!
-Jun-wan, who is she?
-Where did you meet? A blind date?
-No, it wasn't like that.
[music playing on stereo]
It's not working.
Jun-wan, it's not working
because it's connected to your phone.
Jun-wan, do I know the girl?
Hey, I said do we know this girl?
Come on, man. Is she from the hospital?
Or from school?
Song-hwa, could you turn down the music?
No, don't touch anything.
Don't turn it down, I'm begging you.
Ugh, why is this thing not connecting?
What's…
[phone rings]
[Song-hwa] Oh.
MY LOVELY BIDULGI
[Song-hwa] Hey, Jun-wan.
Someone named Bidulgi is calling you.
[all gasp]
Hey, eyes on the road.
Will you kill us all?
Hey, baby… I mean Jeong-won, can you
get my phone out of my bag?
Take it out and decline the call.
Decline it now!
Oh, so your phone's in your bag, sweetie?
-Okay.
-Hurry up, Jeong-won. Take it, take it.
No, forget about it. Ignore it.
I said forget it!
[in different voices]
Hey, who is this?
-Hi, how are you? May I know…
-Oh, your phone.
We're here now.
Lots of parking spaces for us.
-[phone rings]
-Oh, yeah.
Where's your phone, sweetie?
Hey, Mom?
I'm out with my friends right now
and we're going to have dinner.
By the way, Jun-wan has a girlfriend.
[Seok-hyeong] Her name is Bidulgi,
which means "dove."
Hey, Ma, "Bi" is a unique surname, right?
Like rain?
Okay.
-Oh, found it.
-Give me that.
[Ik-jun] Oh, hello there.
I'm Kim Jun-wan's very close friend.
My name's Lee Ik-jun.
I'm sorry, but he can't answer
the phone right now.
If you don't mind,
could you tell me your real name
so I could tell him later that you called?
I'd like to do that,
but he already took his phone.
Sure.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
[Song-hwa] Oh, I'm starving.
They serve nurungji, too, right?
[Jeong-won] Yeah. They serve nurungji
and perilla seed sujebi.
[Seok-hyeong] Hey Jun-wan,
we'll go ahead inside.
[Jeong-won] It's already getting chilly.
[Seok-hyeong] Yeah, it's getting
pretty chilly at night.
[Song-hwa] The fall's here already.
[Ik-jun] This chilly weather's making me
miss my sister.
That never happened to me. Oh, jeez.
[sighing]
Even so, I think it's better
that you tell her about it.
[exhales]
Really?
[sighs]
[Seok-hyeong] It's really hard to decide.
You should tell your mom.
Why are you even thinking about it?
You'll just make her feel like a fool
if you don't.
Tell her everything that everyone knows
so that she divorces your dad and be free.
He's just worried about
her health if she knows.
What if he tells her everything
and she collapses again from the shock?
What now?
But then…
I still think she should know about it.
Are you and Song-hwa possessed by ghosts
who were starving for hundreds of years?
I have three older brothers, okay?
I'm really possessed by a ghost.
-Jeong-won, water, please.
-Mm.
Excuse me.
I should really tell her
to get rid of her feelings.
And the slightest affection she has left.
But then it would be much better
to tell her
to finally get a divorce
because that lady's pregnant now.
So she'll also be free from stress.
But they're estranged anyway.
And what if her health gets worse
because of the shock?
I really don't want that to happen.
But wouldn't it be better if you tell her?
I agree with Ik-jun.
You?
Are you gonna tell his mom or not?
You should really tell her.
[sighs]
What should I do?
-Just tell your mom, okay?
-Just tell her.
Hey, Song-hwa. You agree?
Well,
I agree that you should tell your mom.
Really?
Yeah. I think she should know
what's going on.
Let her down gently.
But Seok-hyeon, make sure to comfort her.
Okay then. I'll tell her.
Hey, we've been telling you that
for ten minutes but you never listened.
Hey, if you are going to do this,
you should just ask her straight
and go drink some tea somewhere.
The three of us are just fillers here,
you know.
The owner dug up some arrowroot,
it's from the backyard,
and we're giving it for free now.
Oh, does anyone want some?
Okay. Please wait, I'll prepare it.
I'll bring it over.
-Thanks a lot.
-Thank you so much.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Song-hwa] Hey, you did well.
Is your mom okay with it?
Mm. She took it better than expected.
At first, she was really shocked
and didn't say a word for ten minutes,
so I was worried.
But I consoled her
and now she's divorcing him.
She said she just wants
to live really far.
[sighs deeply]
It's all right. At least it's over now.
You weren't in your office,
so I knew you'd be here.
You should have at least dried
your hair, jeez.
I guess you couldn't wait
to tell her about it.
He told you right away the moment
he stepped into your office, right?
What are you saying?
We were just talking about
how he told his mom about the pregnancy.
Why? Did something happen?
Seok-hyeong's dad was admitted
late last night.
In this hospital. VIP Room Three.
Is he sick right now?
Oh, no. He's just faking it.
[sighs]
It's because he kept getting summoned
by the court, so I think he's ditching it.
He didn't request me as his doc.
I think his secretary directly
called the director here.
[glass slams on table]
Hey. Visit him later.
It's okay, I'll go with you.
I have to meet my outpatients.
Jun-wan. Don't attend
to Chairman Yang, okay?
You hear me?
Sure.
[Hae-seong] She only took her morning meds
because Nurse Song literally begged her
to take them, professor.
But I don't know
if she'll take them tonight.
Based on what happened,
I doubt that she will.
[Ik-jun] I get that she hates
her husband a lot,
but if her health gets worse,
it'll be her loss.
I can somewhat understand her.
So what if her husband donated his liver?
He cheated.
Would you want to live
with the liver of a cheating husband?
Maybe she hates him and her new liver.
But who wouldn't?
Even so, she still has to take her meds.
Did you sleep well?
Yes, it's been a while
since I had a good sleep.
Awesome, you must exercise a lot
and try to walk the hallways
whenever you can, okay?
Sure. I went back and forth ten times.
I think I'm fit for the Olympics.
[laughs]
Hey, doctor, um, are you still single?
What?
Why do you ask?
Are you going to set him up?
Yeah, I have a sister.
I want to set you up
with my younger sister.
Oh, boy.
I'm married already. I have a son too.
Oh, I should've known.
Women would never let a fine man
like you be alone.
Oh, no. I married pretty late.
Your wife must be lucky, but it's sad
that you're off the market already.
Seriously, you're my type, Dr. Lee.
[all laugh]
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, your husband's here.
You're really flattering me
with your words.
I mean, look at you, doctor.
You're totally handsome.
And I'm sure you had good grades.
You're so warm and friendly,
and also great at your job.
You're totally my type of man.
Unlike my husband here. He's such a slug.
But he has a likable face
and a pretty good build, too.
You're right, Dr. Lee. Uh…
He owns a shop.
A jewelry store in Ssangmun-dong
called Phoenix Shop.
[Ik-jun] Oh, I see.
[man 3] I picked it up this morning.
Oh, no, goodness. I have to go now.
Wait. Please take it, doc.
I want to give you everything I have.
It's from the bottom of my heart.
Well, my son won this as a contest prize.
No, I can't accept this.
I'll be in trouble if I do.
-I'm serious.
-Take it, please, doctor. Come on.
You saved my wife
and I'm so thankful for it, doctor.
-Oh, no. Stay there.
-Please take this.
I'll be back later.
-Bye.
-Doctor.
You should rest up, ma'am.
[woman 3] I guess doctors can't accept
gifts these days.
[Seok-hyeong] How's the baby?
It's active, right?
-[woman 4] Yes.
-All right, it's been 24 weeks now.
Here. The black part of the image here
is the amniotic fluid.
-[phone rings]
-If you look at it…
-I have to take this, sorry.
-[woman 5] Okay.
What is it? Is there something going on?
[reporter] I have a bad feeling about it
in case, uh--
Yeah. I got it, thanks.
[sighs]
[tense music]
I'm sorry.
[sighs]
I guess they don't use that
anymore these days.
Hello again, Ms. Sin.
[Ms. Sin] Yes, hello doctor.
Have you finished your meal?
She only ate a little.
Oh, but why?
You should eat a lot
while you're still here.
Hospital meals are expensive.
It's going to be
a waste of money if you don't.
Excuse me.
Have you heard of my situation?
That my husband cheated on me?
Yes.
He's having an affair with a woman.
He's just feeling guilty,
so he gave me a piece of his liver
to feel better about himself.
I'm sure that's not the case.
Your husband took care of you
when you had the liver transplant.
He held my hand
and cried a lot during that night.
Well, I hate to say this but,
you're very naïve.
It sounds as if you've lived a good life
without encountering any challenges.
Can you tell me what you're feeling now?
Luckily, the CT scan shows
that the biliary duct isn't stretched.
And since you didn't take
any immunosuppressants,
you had acute transplantation rejection.
We'll treat it
with a high dose of steroids.
And once you have immunosuppressants,
you'll recover soon, so don't worry.
I'm not worried at all, doctor.
I just don't want…
to live my life with his liver.
My goodness.
I had no idea that my husband was cheating
on me with a much younger woman.
I even made a deep bow for what he did.
Oh, boy.
Look, he gave me
a piece of his liver, doctor,
so he wouldn't feel an ounce of guilt
about his affair.
He was only sorry about that.
I'm sure that's not true.
And I think your husband can't be
that evil despite that.
Everything in this world seems
beautiful and good to you, right, doctor?
People raised by rich parents and had
a good education throughout their lives
will never understand how hard it is.
I don't need you to understand me.
And what's important if you do, anyway?
Excuse me, miss.
Can you help me go to the restroom?
[woman 6] Sure.
WOMEN'S TOILET
Um, excuse me.
Ah, yes?
-This is good.
-Mm.
[Tae-yeon] Are there reporters outside?
No.
Mr. Jeong,
if there's a nurse outside, ask her
to give me an IV drip or something, hm?
It could be a vitamin or saline drip.
People could barge in here
out of the blue.
Well, sir, this person
told me not to let anybody inside.
I even got permission
from the hospital director--
[Tae-yeon] Hey you.
[scoffs]
So this is how that person addresses me.
My name now
is "this person."
You really can't address me properly?
Why don't you call me by my name?
My name is Tae-yeon?
I'll be outside, sir.
And I'll tell the nurse
that you want an IV drip now.
-Mm, go on.
-Goodness.
Is he trying to look down on me?
Listen, I'll talk to him, okay?
He’s new, so he still
doesn’t know how to act.
Not that. It's because
he knows how to act.
When he started his job,
it was obvious from the beginning
that I'm not your wife.
Since his first day, he's been looking
at me like I'm a criminal, you know?
"Oh, you're the famous mistress
that people have been talking about."
[chuckles]
Yes, that's what
his eyes have been saying.
You can just come back later.
[Yang] You crazy bitch--
What the hell did you just do?
I should ask you that, you pig.
Are you crazy?
How dare you come to this place, huh?
How dare you come to the hospital
where your son works?
Have you got no shame?
Aren't you embarrassed?
Did you choose the hospital
where your only son is working
to come with your mistress
to show people your wonderful life?
-You shut up!
-Shut your mouth.
I'm not talking to you.
You must leave now.
Stop embarrassing your son with your act.
Leave this hospital now, you animal!
[Seok-hyeong] Mom, let's go.
Why did you come here, huh?
Let's go. Please?
[Young-hye] Let go. I won't!
I won't divorce you anymore.
Taking care of my health is hard enough,
so up until yesterday,
I was going to divorce you.
But then, what you're doing
really disgusts me.
So now I'll never divorce you.
Even if you and I are
on the brink of dying,
I'll never sign those papers.
And quit dreaming,
because you will never be his wife.
I won't let you.
[both exhale in exasperation]
[Song-hwa] Cottonoid.
Doctor, we can wake up the patient now.
Okay.
SURGERY DURATION
[Chi-hong] Can you lift your arm,
Hyeon-su?
That looks good, okay.
Can you now try squeezing my hand?
He squeezed my hand.
[machine buzzing]
His facial muscles also moved.
[Song-hwa] Let's do a language test now.
[Chi-hong] Okay.
How are you feeling? Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm feeling okay, doc.
[Chi-hong] And where do you live,
Hyeon-su? Do you know?
Dongjak-gu, Sadang-dong.
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
I have a younger sister, no brother.
[Song-hwa] Yes, you're doing pretty great.
[Chi-hong] What do you do?
What's your job now?
Uh…
[Chi-hong] What's your occupation?
I…
[Song-hwa] Please keep talking
to the patient.
[Chi-hong] Aren't you a police officer?
[groans]
-Yeah.
-Why did you want to be a police officer?
It's my dream.
Ever since I was seven.
But then…
It's all gone now
because I had this surgery.
[Song-hwa] Hyeon-su, it's almost over.
I'll wrap it up quickly.
Can you say a few more things to him?
[Chi-hong] You can go back to being a cop
or you can take on another job.
It's not too late.
But I'm too old to…
get a new job.
[Chi-hong] When I was 29 years old,
I got sick, too.
Everything happened so quickly
during that time,
so I left the military.
[Hyeon-su] What was it?
What kind of illness did you get?
[Chi-hong] The ligament
in my cervical spine,
let's just say has stiffened like a bone.
It was paralyzed during my training.
What did you do?
[Chi-hong] What do you think?
I'm living a great life now, Hyeon-su.
I can tell.
You became a doctor.
[Chi-hong] You can do it too, Hyeon-su.
Hyeon-su, once you recover
from this brain surgery,
you'll be able to start and do anything
that you want just like before.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, doc.
[Song-hwa] Chi-hong,
I wanted the patient to talk more.
But you went on about yourself.
[Chi-hong] Uh, I'm sorry, prof.
[Song-hwa] Hey, Hyeon-su?
It's done already. You did an awesome job.
After this, I'll remove the tumor
as safely as I can.
Don't worry about it.
You should get some more sleep.
Sure. Thanks a lot, doc.
[Chi-hong] Good job, Hyeon-su.
Hey, doctor.
[Chi-hong] Yeah?
Good luck.
[chuckles softly]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Daddy will be a little late tonight.
[U-ju] Hey, Dad.
I baked some cookies today.
Oh, really? How many did you bake?
[U-ju] Three.
But I already ate the two cookies.
And I'll give one to Mo-ne.
Whoa, I'm sure that Mo-ne will be
really happy! Oh, boy.
U-ju, make sure to brush your teeth
after this, okay?
I'll see you in your dreams. Goodnight.
[U-ju] Goodnight, Dad.
[blows kiss]
Mm.
Yeah, all right.
Mm, yeah. It went well.
Yeah.
[laughing]
-Hello.
-[patient] Oh, boy, okay.
Hi, Ms. Sin.
[Ik-jun] Where did your caregiver go?
Well, my children stayed
with me today, doc.
She just went out to see them off.
Mm.
You haven't taken your meds.
Listen, Ms. Sin.
Your husband made a huge decision
by donating his liver.
It doesn't matter when he had the affair
and why he decided to donate it.
What he did was a noble thing
because he risked his life to give you
a piece of his liver.
So you should just…
let him go on with his life without you.
And you should live your own life too.
My wife cheated so I got divorced.
[Ik-jun] See, I worked to the bones
at the hospital all day
and looked after my son alone, but…
She still had an affair
with her friend's husband.
At first,
it really hurt my pride a lot.
And then…
[sucks teeth]
Mm.
I couldn't even manage to face people.
I always wondered why my life turned out
to be this difficult. But then…
One day, I realized…
there's no point thinking of it.
[calm music]
Wasting away
because of what my wife did to me
was just doing harm to myself.
[sniffles]
Oh, boy. You're already spending
a lot of time being sick.
It was really hard to get you well again.
For your sake and not your husband's,
please take your meds.
And give it your best shot
to fully recover from this.
It's your life, after all. Right?
[cries]
Um…
Can you bring me a cup of water, please?
Oh.
Thank you so much.
[Ik-jun] Thank you.
[sighs]
[Song-hwa sighs]
[groans]
[knocking]
Who is it?
It's Chi-hong.
Come in.
You already know? Since when?
Uh…
The day when you bombed the EVD.
That's when I found out.
And then I checked your record.
You were discharged as a captain
due to OPLL.
I saw it in your record,
so I went digging.
You won't have problems living
a normal life with your condition.
It's treatable with medication
and exercise if it's detected early.
But you can't pursue a career
that requires you
to move your body strenuously.
Because if you hurt your neck,
it could lead to tetraplegia or worse.
I haven't had problems with my condition.
It could be because
I was very nervous that day.
My legs went numb during that surgery.
My neck was tingling, too.
Feeling that pain all over again
after several years drove me nuts.
Why didn't you tell me about it?
It's not that serious, you know.
I was going to tell you,
but I never had the right timing.
Because people were curious about it.
My pride was hurt a little bit.
Seriously, where does
that pride come from?
That's some silly pride you have.
Should I tell you about mine?
Professor Chae.
Why didn't you say anything
while we were doing the surgery?
I told you, I only found out after that.
I mean, I messed up a lot that time.
But you didn't say anything
about it in the OR.
You didn't scold me too.
Because I have faith in you.
[snickers]
You've always been hardworking.
And you read about the patients a lot.
So I don't get it.
So I thought you'd have
your reasons for it.
I thought of scolding you later,
only after I've looked into it.
Why? Are you disappointed that I didn't?
I'm not.
But you know, professor,
if you went on and scolded me that day,
I wouldn't be here right now.
[snickers]
You should have bought me
some drinks, then.
I was really going to.
But when I went to the office
to take you out,
you already left
to get drinks with the rest.
Oh, right. Darn it.
I'm sorry about that.
I know that drinking with them
is much more comfortable than with me.
Let's just settle
that I bought you drinks.
Sure.
I'm dying for a drink with you guys,
but I'm working night shift now.
Seon-bin took your shift
so you can drink tonight.
She'll be on call tonight for you too.
She said she wants you
to not have to think of anything else
and to just go and drink tonight, okay?
[chuckling]
Oh, boy.
Oh, and she said
not to get the wrong idea.
She said she has no feelings for you.
[laughs]
Come on.
Hurry up and get changed.
Okay.
[phone rings]
Hello? I'm about to head out.
Uh-huh.
An emergency?
Let's go. We'll talk on our way.
No, Professor Ahn.
We don't have a patient.
Take me out to dinner, please.
["Confession Is Not Flashy"
by Kyuhyun playing]
Let's go for dinner this weekend,
Professor Ahn.
Sure thing. Let's go with everyone.
Just the two of us.
Outside here.
Not in these scrubs,
but wearing our own clothes.
[music cuts off]
[Ik-jun] ♪ You were always ♪
♪ You were always ♪
♪ My longing for you ♪
♪ Gets bigger every single day ♪
♪ The pain of not seeing you always
Leaves me with fresh wounds ♪
♪ But you're going your way ♪
♪ If you want, I can wait for you ♪
♪ I haven't changed at all ♪
♪ It was you who had changed ♪
♪ So you can ♪
-♪ Come back to me ♪
-Thank you.
♪ If you're blaming me for my mistake ♪
♪ You can still blame me
After you come back ♪
♪ We still have time for that ♪
♪ I will be the same guy ♪
♪ That you left ♪
♪ I don't want to comfort myself ♪
♪ With false hope anymore ♪
♪ For the first time, I learned
What it means to be in love ♪
♪ I'm going to get you back ♪
♪ I just realized that the purpose ♪
♪ Of my life had been you all along ♪
TRY THIS COOKIE, DAD!
♪ If you want, I can wait for you ♪
♪ I haven't changed at all ♪
♪ It was you who had changed ♪
♪ So you can come back to me ♪
♪ If you're blaming me for my mistake ♪
♪ You can still blame me
After you come back ♪
♪ We still have time for that ♪
♪ I will be the same guy ♪
♪ That you left ♪
♪ I don't want to comfort myself ♪
♪ With false hope anymore ♪
♪ For the first time, I learned
What it means to be in love ♪
♪ I'm going to get you back ♪
♪ I just realized that the purpose ♪
♪ Of my life had been you all along ♪
WOMEN'S NIGHT DUTY ROOM 2
[sighs]
-Hi, professor.
-Mm.
Where to?
I have a date with my wife.
You've been married
for more than ten years, right?
Yeah, it's our tenth this year.
We got a rent-free house
with just our deposit money.
And we're taking our parents
on a nice trip.
People might think
I beat you up or something.
I won't kill you, okay?
You can easily kill me
with your words alone.
[women giggle]
I'll just be out for a bit.
What? This was not going up?
There. Now it'll help you go up.
[in singsong voice]
Bye, professor.
[comical music]
You're here.
Hello there!
[landlady] Yes, hello,
this is your landlady.
Uh, yes, hello ma'am. How are you doing?
[landlady] I'm fine,
I just wanted to remind you
that you forgot to wire
the rent this month.
What?
Your monthly rent, sir.
You forgot to wire me the rent.
What? I signed
a deposit-based apartment, ma'am.
It's 200 million won.
Wait, I'm not following you.
[landlady] Deposit-based?
You signed a contract with a monthly rent.
The deposit's 20 million,
and the rent's 900,000.
What…
What are you talking about?
I don't get it.
[light music]
[Rosa] My son is sensitive and delicate.
It'd be nice if you have
a reliable life partner.
[Jun-wan] Go ahead Jeong-won,
you can just tell us right now.
The earliest would be sometime at the
end of December. Would that be okay?
Why is Jeong-won like this?
What's wrong with that guy?
What are you doing? Get a grip.
I'm bad at my job because I'm stupid.
There's nothing I can do about that.
-Dr. Chu.
-[Min-ha] And my professor is
the most slow-witted slug
I've ever met in my life.
[Seok-hyeong] So you're going to let
the mom and the baby die?
Tomorrow morning,
I'm going to tell that slimy slug.
I'll put an end to this.
Why are you quitting? Why would you quit?
I'm not letting you quit.
[Jae-hak] I think I'm not
living my life well.
My existence is hurting others.
I barely managed to stop her
from talking to the TV station.
Professor Kim, I need to talk to you.
-Min-ha isn't here yet?
-Did the resident who went MIA come back?
MIA since yesterday morning,
no word for two days.
Be nice to her when she comes back.
It must've been hard on the resident.
Oh, sorry. I'll come back another time.
[Rosa] You know Song-hwa's
a beautiful and intelligent woman.
-What about Jun-wan?
-[Jeong-won] Oh, he has plans tonight.
[Ik-jun] He's going absolutely crazy
about this girl.
What kind of woman is he even dating?
Oh, I wish I could meet her.
-So tell me, she's your girlfriend, right?
-I'll tell you everything another time.
And you know what?
It made me feel all warm and fuzzy.